added ANF geo-redundancy (#97389)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/store-fslogix-profile.md

|Use case|General purpose|Ultra performance or migration from NetApp on-premises|Cross-platform|
|Platform service|Yes, Azure-native solution|Yes, Azure-native solution|No, self-managed|
|Regional availability|All regions|[Select regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/global-infrastructure/services/?products=netapp&regions=all)|All regions|

> |Redundancy|Locally redundant/zone-redundant/geo-redundant/geo-zone-redundant|Locally redundant/geo-redundant [with Cross region replication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-netapp-files/cross-region-replication-introduction)|Locally redundant/zone-redundant/geo-redundant|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Redundancy|Locally redundant/zone-redundant/geo-redundant/geo-zone-redundant|Locally redundant/geo-redundant [with Cross region replication](../azure-netapp-files/cross-region-replication-introduction.md)|Locally redundant/zone-redundant/geo-redundant|
```

Reviewer: This needs to be a relative link to the article file in our repo instead of a Docs link.

Author: Agreed on the relative link. Please sign-off.

Reviewer 2: Hi @arntdg - thanks for the contribution. Please also change 'Cross region' to 'cross-region' (as per the article you're linking to).  You'll need to make this change and the change to the link Heidi requested yourself before Heidi can sign off.

For more information about Azure Files performance, see [File share and file scale targets](../storage/files/storage-files-scale-targets.md#azure-files-scale-targets). For more information about pricing, see [Azure Files pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/files/).

## Azure NetApp Files tiers

> Azure NetApp Files volumes are organized in capacity pools. Volume performance is defined by the service level of the hosting capacity pool. Three performance levels are offered, ultra, premium and standard. More details are found [here](/azure/azure-netapp-files/azure-netapp-files-understand-storage-hierarchy).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Azure NetApp Files volumes are organized in capacity pools. Volume performance is defined by the service level of the hosting capacity pool. Three performance levels are offered, ultra, premium and standard. For more information, see [Storage hierarchy of Azure NetApp Files](/azure/azure-netapp-files/azure-netapp-files-understand-storage-hierarchy).
```
changing to MS Style
